Drawer Shadow and EnableSelectionHierarchy (#193)
pxblue/angular-component-library: docs/Drawer.md

<div style="overflow: auto;">

| @Input                        | Description                                                   | Type      | Required | Default |
| ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------- | ------- |
| condensed                     | Skinny view for `rail` variant                                | `boolean` | no       | false   |

> | disableActiveItemParentStyles | Bold nav item group title when a nested item is selected      | `boolean` | no       | false   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| disableActiveItemParentStyles | If true, NavItems will not have a bold title when a child NavItem is selected | `boolean` | no       | false   |
```
